{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red217\green11\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17280\viewh9060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This MSP430LPCDC installer contains community based pre-released and untested software, should not be use in production or critical system. \
\
Use it at your own Risk.\
\

\b \cf2 Please Remove any Code-less Kext that Blocks the Ports. \
E.g. ez430rf2500.kext. it will block any Kext from attaching to the Device.
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \

\b \ul Known Issues.\

\b0 \ulnone 1. Random Kernel Panic may happen while unload and load the KEXT.\
2. OSX will abandon the device if the USB bus is constantly flooded with data by your device while the KEXT is loading, . You will need to unplug and plug the device back in.\
3. Communication starts only when OSX sets the Baud-rate (control line normal for all system)\
4. OSX will create Network ports in your Network preference, this is normal.\
\

\b \ul Testing needed
\b0 \ulnone \
To see on mspdebug will the serial interface co-exist happily with the HID Debug interface. (initial testing done, working)\
Test with OSX10.6 and below. (initial testing done, working)\
\

\b \ul Getting feedback on Terminal\

\b0 \ulnone Open up a new Terminal, plug your device (LaunchPad or RF2500) in.\
You device must be transmitting data. (example Temp demo on the eZ430-RF2500)\
Find out what is your BSD serial port name.\
\
#ls /dev/tty.usb* \
start screen to get feedback\
# screen /dev/tty.usbxxx 9600\
\

\b \ul Disclaimer
\b0 \ulnone \
This driver is provided free of charge in "AS-IS" condition.\
Me or anyone involved in the development of this software provides no warranty of any kind.\
No one will be responsible of any loss or damages caused by using this software.\
\
Contact me at "pentiumpc(at)mac(dot)com" for feedback or if you need any help.\
Or find me on this thread @ the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.43oh.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=1591&start=20"}}{\fldrslt 43oh.com forum. }}\
Please state the device, computer model, OSX version and short description of your problem.\
\
Have fun testing!\
\
Terence Ang\
}